# Recursive-Generation-of-All-Topological-Sorts-of-N-Nodes
Recursive Generation of All Topological Sorts of N Nodes

It is possible to generate every possible topological sort of a given graph of n nodes. In order to do this, we will be using recursive method. A topological sort is a type of sort where certain elements of a set to be sorted are required to come before other elements of a set. For example, take nodes from 1 to 10. Lets say that node 1’s successor is 3 and 4.                          node 2’s successor is 1. This means that node 1 must come before 3 and 4 in a topological sort and that 2 must come before 1. The only data structures that are needed to simulate a topological sort would be a bag (to store all nodes that have no predecessors), predecessor list (recommended an array), and a successor list (recommended use a linked-List). Below contains the code to generate every possible topsort combination of a given N node graph (O(n+m+c)). This code generates all topological sorts in the most efficient manner possible and can be outlined as follows:1) Removing a node from a bag. O(1).2) Reducing the predecessor count for the successors of the node removed from bag. O(k) where k is the number of successors of the node that was removed from the bag.3) Initializing bag. O(n) where n is the number of nodes that have no predecessors.4) Initializing predecessor count array. O(n) where n is the number of nodes5) Initializing successor linked list. O(n) where n is the number of nodes.NOTE: The following below contains two classes (Assignment1 and SuccLinkedList). You need both classes within your package to run the code. The public static void main(String[] args) is in the Assignment1 class.
